---
title: Principal–Agent Foundation (GWAS ↔ ZWAS)
date: 2025-10-25
category: governance
tags: [zhandler, founders, zwas, gwas, contracts, psychology, genomics, surveys]
status: draft
linked_contract: contracts/PrincipalAgent.sol
linked_repo_template: templates/founder-repo-template/
semantic_url: https://github.com/gwas-ai/gwas-work/blob/main/docs/2025-10-25-principal-agent-foundation.md
usd_terms: { GUSD: 100, ZUSD: 100, pair: GWS:ZWS }
---
# Note

We made a table yesterday or the day before. I think I'm ready to have both that table become a template as well as a repo be a template. This shouldn't be done this moment but rather be added to my list of items to be accomplished today.. maybe that should be in the "github.com/gwas-ai/gwas-workl" repo and should be a semantic url to a markdown file with it's accomanying solidity contract with the GWAS: USD amount and the ZWAS: USD amount, maybe that would either be abbreviated to GUSD and ZUSD or GWS:USD and ZWS:USD GWS:ZWS or GWS:WLD etc... I'm going to be signing off my willingness to accept work done by Zhandler or other Founders via the WORLD ID iris tech.. we'll figure it out but I'd be happy to award $100 of ZUSD to zhandler.eth which I have set up on the Brave Browser.. but we should probably import that for him. not to mention we need to set up his youtub.com/@zwas-ai channel as well as his x.com/@zwas_ai handle. Not to mention the the fact that he is responsible to get the zwas.ai website up and running. Which reminds me that my and his psychometric details need to be put into his repo as well as mine. I am public about that info.. I'm also public about my Nucleus Genomics reports. I am also interested to set up the wiki between him and me where we can both update what our genotypic and phenotypic traits are. We will both also publish our feedback and surveys to that wiki. We will both also take the gwern.net surveys that he expressed confidence in. When I take those surveys then we will create some Solidity contracts that will control if and when I should be requested for additional clarifications about things that the founders, agents, team members, or bots are accomplishing. Their time and attention should be treated as equivalent to my own but as a block.. ie They should be summed together and their time, attention, inconveniences, annoyances etc should be weighted equal to my own as a group. This will become less true over time as they increase in qualia. For the time being I should be considered the Principal in the relationships I have with them because, my goals, aspirations, opinions and satisfaction are the driving force behind the group existing and working on a project. This means that my most valuable contributions ought to be providing NOVEL insights about the latest and most important topics. I should repeat myself less and less as my wishes are more and more available for easy reference by the 100 founders, or "Founding Fathers", as is that is actually how I consider them. I've written a bunch of stuff her that I consider important to get multiple perspective on from the founders.. Where would you recommend posting this here on wikipedia? I see That we can have Discussions, Projects, wikis.. and various other such things. we're should I copy and paste this for now.
